He goes from the top of the key.
He shoots, he scores!
l cannot believe Justin Timberlake
is from the same species.
Some boys are such pigs.
-Lilly!
-What?
Close your mouth.
We're in the ninth grade.
You got to start acting more like,
l don't know, a girl.
What are you talking about?
l act like a girl all the time.
lncoming!
Truscott from downtown!
Don't say boo-yah, don't say boo-yah.
Boo-yah!
Yeah, nice shot, Shaq.
Muy macko.
lt's ''macho.''
Whatever. You know l'm bad at French.
Well, at least l know how to be a girl.
l never thought this day would come,
but Amber and Ashley are right.
l hate you for making me say that.
They're not right!
l know how to be a girl.
Yeah? Then why don't you have a date
for the dance on Friday?
Not everyone is going to the dance.
You're not going.
l've got a Hannah concert.
Details. Details.
Hey, guys, did you hear
who's going to the dance Friday night
with Gabe Lamotti?
You mean, Hottie Lamotti
with the swimmer's body?
-Who?
-Me!
We started as lab partners
and the next thing l know,
l'm growing his boutonniere
in its own self-contained biosphere.
Who are you guys going with?
l'm not going. l have a thing.
Yeah, l got a thing, too.
Different thing than her thing,
but a thing. Big thing.
No dates? Well, don't feel bad.
There'll be more dances.
Unless global warming kills us first.
Bye!
You're right. Even Saint Sarah
has a date for the dance.
l'm a failure as a girl!
No. Listen, l'm not going
to let you give up, okay?
There's a ninth-grade girl
in there somewhere,
we just got to get her out, okay?
Let's start with this hat,
and stop sitting like a guy.
And basta with the pasta already!
Like that is gonna do any good.
Well, it looks like it's working
for Matt Marshall.
Matt Marshall! l've been crushing
on him ever since the first time...
-Hey, Lilly.
-'Sup, Matt?
Act like a girl.
So, Matthew, come here often?
Of course he does, it's school!
So are you going to the dance
this Friday?
No, l don't think l'll actually...
l don't know. Maybe. Why do you ask?
l just thought if you were going then,
you know, we could maybe...
-Carpool?
-No, l kind of meant...
-Yeah?
-What?
-Sweet niblets.
Of course
she'll go to the dance with you!
-Cool!
-Cool.
l'm going to the dance with Matt! Yes!
How do l do it?
come on!
You get the limo out front
Hottest styles, every shoe
every colour
Yeah, when you're famous
it can be kind of fun
lt's really you
but no one ever discovers
Who would have thought
that a girl like me
Would double as a superstar?
You get the best of both worlds
chill it out, take it slow
Then you rock out the show
You get the best of both worlds
Mix it all together
And you know that
it's the best of both worlds
So cool. l love this part.
Lilly. Lilly, l hope
you've got your shopping shoes on,
'cause l'm gonna take you
from skate chick to date chick.
Okay. One second,
but l'm watching Teen court.
lt's almost over.
Let's listen as Judge Joe
hands down his verdict
in the case of ''Bobby and Michael
and the Busted Motorcycle. ''
Bobby, you borrowed a bike
and brought it back busted.
That's bologna.
And speaking of food,
it's time for justice to be served.
-Serve it up.
What's on the menu for today, Big D?
We're going to treat our guilty party
to a hearty helping of oatmeal,
with plenty of
Vermont's finest maple syrup.
Yes, sir, Big D,
that is some sweet justice.
case closed.
Dude, he got served!
Breakfast, lunch, and...
This is what
you were talking about, right?
Yeah. Listen, just because
Matt already asked you to the dance
doesn't mean
that he can't change his mind.
You know,
you got him nibbling on the cheese,
but now you got to snap the trap!
Miley, he already asked me,
it's not like he's gonna dump me
and then ask some...
What is he doing?
l love skateboarding. lt's so viral.
-lt's ''virile.''
-Who cares. lt's still hot!
-And so are you.
Looks like someone's
messing with your man.
That's it. l'm through being
one of the guys. Girl me up, baby.
JBAD 1 09.6, Los Angeles.
Now get those dialling digits ready,
'cause the lucky 2 4th caller
gets two courtside seats
for this Sunday's playoff game
featuring your Los Angeles Lakers!
Hey, there, new buddy, how's it going?
-Not now, Thor!
-Okay.
-How about now?
-No!
Okay.
-How about now?
-No!
Look, l'm trying to win a contest here,
so just...
congratulations!
You're the lucky 2 4th caller!
l did it! l won!
Hello? Hello?
No, no, wait! l'm here! Hello? Hello?
Hello?
-Hello?
lf you're gone, l'm moving on.
Hello? Hello?
Hello? Sorry, can't talk now.
Holy cow.
You! Don't hang up!
Let me help, eh?
No!
Yes, thank you.
Thank you. J-Bad rocks!
Wow. Courtside seats for the Lakers!
You know what l'd do
if l had courtside seats for the Lakers?
l'd take you
'cause you're my new buddy.
So who are you gonna take?
Well, actually, Thor,
l hadn't really thought about it.
l get it. You got lots of friends.
Hey, l know what that's like.
Back on the farm, l had tons of friends.
And cows.
Okay, all my friends were cows,
but they were really good listeners
with big brown eyes, sweet smiles...
Don't look at me!
Thor, do you want to go to the game?
Yes! Yes! Thank you, Jackson!
Thank you.
You are the ice beneath my skates.
Don't ever say that again!
Okey-dokey, artichoke-y.
That, either!
There he is! l just heard you on J-Bad!
Yee, doggies! Me and my boy are
gonna sit courtside at a playoff game!
Can you believe this is happening?
Come on, Lilly.
Nobody's gonna laugh at you.
-You look great.
-l do not.
l look like Amber and Ashley
threw up on me. l can't do this.
-Hello.
-Hey, hey, new girl.
Where'd you come from? Hot-sylvania?
Shut up, Nick. lt's me.
The new girl sounds kind of like Lilly.
lt is Lilly!
What happened to you? You look fine!
-Really?
-Totally.
Yeah.
Books, books.
Oh, my. These books are so heavy.
-l got them. l got them.
-No, no, please. l got them. l got them.
-Wow.
-l know.
Listen, Thor,
about the playoff game. l...
Happy, happy playoffs
May all your dreams come true
l hope you like this carrot cake
My mom made it for you
-Man.
-Yeah, it's a basketball cake.
And there's 1 3 pounds of
Minnesota cream cheese in there.
That'll put some junk in your trunk.
Yeah, it looks great.
lt should.
My mom stayed up all night baking it.
She's just so happy
l've finally got a two-legged friend.
Any-hoo, what were you gonna say
about the game?
-You're paying for parking.
-Okey-dokey, artichoke-y.
Thor, stop thaying that! Thaying that!
Listen, Thor, l'm late for thience clath!
Dang flabbit!
-Todd, you're so funny.
-Lower and slower.
Todd, you are so funny.
So, New Lilly, you want to hang
at the dance with me?
Sorry, boys, she's taken.
l am not just good. l am scary good.
-Lilly?
-Oh, boy.
l mean, oh, boy.
-Wow, you look so...
-l know.
-And it's all for you.
Save it for the dance.
Bye.
''Save it for the dance.''
Way to snap the trap!
Nails.
l am so proud of you.
l'd like to dedicate this song
to a special friend
who l hope is having
an awesome time tonight.
How did l get here?
l turned around and there you were
l didn't think twice or rationalise
'cause somehow l knew
That there was more
than just chemistry
l mean, l knew
you were kind of into me
But l figured it's too good to be true
Go ahead, honey. l'll be right there.
Lilly, what are you doing here?
l tried calling you
every time l got offstage.
Were you a little too busy with Matt?
He stood me up.
-What?
-l sat at home waiting for two hours.
Lilly. Look at you.
l bet some hearts were broken tonight.
Just one.
Way to go, Dad.
How can boys be so cruel?
How could someone do
something like that to Lilly?
Don't they know
how delicate and fragile girls are?
Sugar and spice and hands like a vice.
Heaven help the boy
who stands you up.
You got that right, bub!
Morning.
-How you feeling?
-Okay.
-Thanks for letting me sleep over.
-lt was our pleasure, Lilly.
Lilly! That's what Matt called me!
-Dad!
-That's her name.
-Think a little!
-Okay.
Would you like some bacon,
little pieces of bacon?
No, thanks.
But don't let me spoil your morning.
You go ahead
and live your happy lives. Enjoy.
-Dad, maybe you should...
-Gotcha.
l'm just gonna go out on the deck
and eat.
l just need to get one
of these placemats.
Matt!
Out!
Lilly, l hate seeing you like this.
lt's not right.
There's got to be a way to get him back
for all the pain and suffering
he's caused you.
l'd like to know how.
Have you been put through
pain and suffering?
Did someone do you wrong?
-They did her wrong!
-Heck, yeah!
Well, don't just sit there and take it,
take it to court. The Teen Court.
-Where justice is served.
-Where justice is served!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hey, Dad, l need to talk to you
about these tickets.
Who cares if your boy
got into Harvard?
My boy's taking me to the Laker game.
Yep. Courtside seats.
He could've taken anybody
he wanted to,
but he decided to take the old man.
Yep.
All right, Fred, listen,
l got to get off here.
l got to go give my boy a big bear hug.
Talk at you later.
My boy!
So what was it you wanted to say
about the tickets?
They have holograms.
Look, he's dunking, now he's not.
Dunking. Not. Dunking. Not. Dunking.
Not. Dunking. Not. Dunking. Not.
Bye.
My boy. My strange, strange boy.
Hey, Dad!
What's up, good buddy?
Hey, hey, l just wanted to tell you
how much l'm looking forward
to going to that game with you tonight,
sitting side by side,
right next to each other.
Excuse me.
You know what these burritos do to me.
But l love them!
Are you gonna be all right
for the game tonight, Son?
Yeah. Yeah, Dad. No, l'll be fine.
l just hope you don't mind
because this is my third.
And l probably shouldn't
have gone con queso.
You know what l'm saying?
You know, come to think of it, l do have
some paperwork l need to catch up on.
Maybe you could find somebody else
to go with you.
But, Dad, it's supposed
to be just the two of us.
There's no one else
l'd rather share this experience with.
Lucky me.
But, hey, if you don't really want to go,
l mean,
l could probably find somebody.
Lakers rule!
So, what time are we leaving?
Hey, maybe Thor would like to go.
-Jackson?
-What? What? lt's like fate!
Him just showing up here like
l invited him, which, of course, l didn't!
l get it. You want me to lie.
Mr Stewart,
is it okay if l lie in your house?
All right, fine. l... l invited Thor first,
but then you went all ''my boy'' on me,
and he brought over
that basketball deathcake.
l gained five pounds
just looking at the thing!
-Now, hold on, son.
-No, l know.
l know, Dad,
l screwed up and l'm sorry.
l'm a terrible person.
Look, l don't even deserve
to go to this game.
Why don't you guys
just take the tickets?
Son, l screwed up and l'm sorry.
You don't have to yell at me.
l mean,
l'll just watch the game on Tv and...
You're sorry?
They were your tickets. l invited myself.
And l'll tell you what, you were just
trying not to hurt the old man's feelings
and that means more to me
than any old silly basketball game.
l'll just let you guys
have your father-and-son moment.
So beautiful.
Okay. l know what you're thinking,
but that was not me.
Welcome to The Teen Court.
Today, we hear the case of
''Dissed, Dumped and Dateless. ''
First, let's meet our defendant,
Matt Marshall,
high school sophomore
and alleged dumper.
And now our dumpee
is entering the courtroom.
You're going down, pal.
-Save it for the judge.
-Right.
All rise for
the honourable Judge Joe Barrett.
Thank you, Big D.
When l first read this case,
l pushed it to the top of my docket.
You want to know why?
Because l've got a daughter, hotshot.
Yeah.
Slam dunk, baby.
Now, sweetheart, it says here
that you're suing for the cost of a dress,
hair and makeup.
-ls that true, darling?
-Don't forget the shoes.
-Tears.
-And mani-pedi.
This girl got a mani-pedi for you?
-l can explain.
-You'll have your chance.
l have to say that. He's got no chance.
Now, tell me what happened, angel.
My friend's too upset to speak,
so she asked me to plead her case.
-Go on and proceed, baby girl.
-Thank you.
Your Honour,
ladies and gentlemen of the jury,
what would this country be
if men didn't keep their promises?
What if George Washington
promised to cross the Delaware,
but didn't
because it was a little chilly outside?
What if Abraham Lincoln promised
to save the Union,
but broke that promise
'cause he wanted to buy a new hat?
What if Rutherford B. Hayes...
Yo, Tina Talks-a-lot, come here.
l know what you're thinking.
How does she do it without any notes?
Well...
l'll tell you what l'm thinking.
lf somebody doesn't get food dumped
on them in the next five minutes,
then my audience is going to dump me.
And if Joe gets dumped,
Joe can't pay for his big boat.
And Joe likes his big boat.
Got it.
Okay, so you asked her out,
you stood her up
and you broke her heart.
And now all we want to know is, why?
Why? Why? Why?
-Big boat!
-l'm done.
Now, before l pronounce you guilty,
do you have anything to say?
Your Honour...
Come on, come on,
he hasn't got all day!
This isn't fair. l only changed my mind.
She changed her... Everything.
l asked out this really cool skater girl,
and the next day,
she's all girly and frilly and weird.
l mean, ''Save it for the dance.''
Where'd that come from?
She just wasn't the girl
l had a crush on.
-You had a crush on me?
-Yeah.
-ls this true? Did you change?
-Well, she made me.
Everything seems to come back to you.
Well, l was just trying
to turn her into a ninth-grader.
l mean, you should've seen
the way she looked before.
-l liked the way she looked before.
-You did?
What does he know? Has he ever read
a teen fashion magazine? l think not!
He doesn't know what he wants.
He needs to be told what he wants.
He's a boy!
l'll tell you what l want.
l want to serve up some justice.
And l think l know just who
l want to serve it up on.
-Serve it up! Serve it up! Serve it up!
-Serve it up! Serve it up!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, two seconds.
l'm begging!
Thank you.
lsn't the important thing that these
two wonderful kids are back together?
lsn't that why we're all here?
Have you ever seen this show?
Look around.
Okay, l admit it. l'm sorry.
Lilly, l should've never tried
to change you.
You're great the way you are.
Totally.
-So you forgive me?
-Yeah. Sure, whatever.
Look at that. Everybody's happy.
Looks like another Teen court case
is closed.
Not quite.
Oh, boy.
Today's guilty party
gets a heaping plate of spaghetti,
smothered in a hearty tomato sauce
and topped with plenty of
squirmy, oily anchovies!
That is some stinky justice!
Case closed.
Where'd you get these anchovies, Joe?
Fishing on your big boat?
Trading two seats for three.
That was sheer genius, Son.
And getting up here
was great exercise.
My lungs are on fire.
Criminy, my nose is bleeding.
So we're a little high up.
At least the sound is great.
Dad! Dad, save the popcorn!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org